add reference docs for LinstorCluster (#369)
piraeusdatastore/piraeus-operator: docs/reference/linstorcluster.md

> # `LinstorCluster`

Reviewer: Refer to this from the README.

This resource controls the state of the LINSTOR cluster and integration with Kubernetes.
In particular it controls:

* LINSTOR Controller
* LINSTOR CSI Driver
* `LinstorSatellite`, configured via `LinstorSatelliteConfiguration` resources.

### `.spec.nodeSelector`

Selects on which nodes Piraeus Datastore should be deployed. Nodes that are
excluded by the selector will not be able to run any workload using a Piraeus volume.

If empty (the default), Piraeus will be deployed on all nodes in the cluster.

#### Example

This example restricts Piraeus Datastore to nodes matching `example.com/storage: "yes"`:

```yaml
apiVersion: piraeus.io/v1
kind: LinstorCluster
metadata:
  name: linstorcluster
spec:
  nodeSelector:
    example.com/storage: "yes"
```

### `.spec.repository`

Sets the default image registry to use for all Piraeus images. The full image name is
created by appending an image identifier and tag.

If empty (the default), Piraeus will use `quay.io/piraeusdatastore`.

> The current list of default images is available [here](../../config/manager/default_images.yaml).

Reviewer: Explain relationship between `.spec.repository` and `base` in the image config. Do we actually need both? :thinking:

Author: I'd like to have some way to control the default values outside of what the users usually modify. There is also #343, so perhaps we should replace the `.spec.repository` with something entirely different.

#### Example

This example pulls all Piraeus images from `registry.example.com/piraeus-mirror`
instead of `quay.io/piraeusdatastore`.

```yaml
apiVersion: piraeus.io/v1
kind: LinstorCluster
metadata:
  name: linstorcluster
spec:
  repository: registry.example.com/piraeus-mirror
```

### `.spec.properties`

Sets the given properties on the LINSTOR Controller level, applying them to the whole Cluster.

#### Example

> This example sets the port range used for DRBD volumes to `50000-60000`.

Reviewer: Sounds like fun, using the conventionally dynamically allocated ports for DRBD :hand_over_mouth:

```yaml
apiVersion: piraeus.io/v1
kind: LinstorCluster
metadata:
  name: linstorcluster
spec:
  properties:
    - name: TcpPortAutoRange
      value: "50000-60000"
```

### `.spec.linstorPassphraseSecret`

Configures the [LINSTOR master passphrase](https://linbit.com/drbd-user-guide/linstor-guide-1_0-en/#s-linstor-encrypted-volumes),
used by LINSTOR when creating encrypted volumes and storing access credentials
for backups.

The referenced secret must exist in the same namespace as the operator
(by default `piraeus-datastore`), and have a `MASTER_PASSPHRASE` entry.

#### Example

This example configures a passphrase `example-passphrase`.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: linstor-passphrase
  namespace: piraeus-datastore
data:

>   MASTER_PASSPHRASE: ZXhhbXBsZS1wYXNzcGhyYXNl # Created by: echo -n "example-passphrase" | base64

Reviewer: We should probably document in large letters that the user should change this. Never underestimate the allure of copy-paste :smile:

---
apiVersion: piraeus.io/v1
kind: LinstorCluster
metadata:
  name: linstorcluster
spec:
  linstorPassphraseSecret: linstor-passphrase
```

### `.spec.patches`

The given patches will be applied to all resources controlled by the operator. The patches are

> forwarded to `kustomize` internally, and take the [same format](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/references/kustomize/kustomization/patches/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
forwarded to `kustomize` internally, and take the [same format](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/references/kustomize/kustomization/patches/).
```

LINSTOR Controller service to run in `SingleStack` mode.

```yaml
apiVersion: piraeus.io/v1
kind: LinstorCluster
metadata:
  name: linstorcluster
spec:
  patches:
    - target:
        kind: Daemonset
        name: csi-node
      patch: |-
        - op: add
          path: /spec/template/spec/initContainers/0/resources
          value:
            limits:
               cpu: 10m
    - target:
        kind: Service
        name: linstor-controller
      patch: |-
        apiVersion: v1
        kind: service
        metadata:
          name: linstor-controller
        spec:
          ipFamilyPolicy: SingleStack
```

### `.spec.internalTLS`

Configures a TLS secret used by the LINSTOR Controller to:
* Validate the certificate of the LINSTOR Satellites, i.e. the Satellites must have certificates signed by `ca.crt`.
* Provide a client certificate for authentication with LINSTOR Satellites, i.e. `tls.key` and `tls.crt` must be accepted by the Satellites.

To configure TLS communication between Satellite and Controller, `LinstorSatellite.spec.internalTLS` must be set accordingly.

Setting a `secretName` is optional, it will default to `linstor-controller-internal-tls`.

> Optional, can take reference to a [cert-manager `Issuer`](https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/issuer/), to let the operator create the required secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, a reference to a [cert-manager `Issuer`](https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/issuer/) can be provided to let the operator create the required secret.
```

#### Example

This example creates a manually provisioned TLS secret and references it in the
LinstorCluster configuration.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: my-linstor-controller-tls
  namespace: piraeus-datastore
data:
  ca.crt: LS0tLS1CRUdJT...
  tls.crt: LS0tLS1CRUdJT...
  tls.key: LS0tLS1CRUdJT...
---
apiVersion: piraeus.io/v1
kind: LinstorCluster
metadata:
  name: linstorcluster
spec:
  internalTLS:
    secretName: my-linstor-controller-tls
```

#### Example

> This example create set up automatic creation of the LINSTOR Controller TLS secret using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example sets up automatic creation of the LINSTOR Controller TLS secret using a
```
